fix(kmultiselect): dismissable badge [khcp-5995] (#1094)
Kong/kongponents: docs/components/multiselect.md

You may also specify:
- a certain item is `selected` by default
- a certain item is `disabled`

> - a certain item is readonly by using `isReadonly` property

Reviewer: suggestion: can this be updated to `readonly` since the other properties do not use the `is*` prefix?

Author: I can update that, but since we have `attrs.readonly` as well `readonly class` used in the kongponent, I chose to keep `isReadonly` to avoid confusion. How does dismissable sound or should stick with `readonly` ?

Reviewer: `attrs.readonly` shouldn't conflict since this is a property of an `item`, right?

I wouldn't go with `dismissable` since you're not really "dismissing" the item but removing it. 

You could do `removable`? 

---

I'm also wondering if you could instead just use the existing `disabled` property? 

- If `disabled: true` in the list, then you can't select it.
- If `disabled: true && selected: true` then you can't remove it.

Unsure if this logic makes sense though, but if yes, it would alleviate the need for another property.

Author: There is no conflict with attrs.readonly, just wanted to avoid any confusion. For the usecase that I am working with `disabled: true && selected: true` won't work because not every `disabled + selected item` needs to be `readonly`. `removable` sounds good.

> - if a certain item has `selected: true` and `disabled: true`, then KBadge for that item is not dismissable

Reviewer: Let's change the formatting here a bit
```suggestion

:::tip TIP
If an item is specified with `selected: true` and `disabled: true`, then the item will be selected, disabled in the dropdown list, and the dismiss button will be removed, meaning a user cannot remove the selected item.
```

- a certain item is `selected` by default
- a certain item is `disabled`

:::tip TIP
If an item is specified with `selected: true` and `disabled: true`, then the item will be selected, disabled in the dropdown list, and the dismiss button will be removed, meaning a user cannot remove the selected item.

> You can specify `disabledTooltipText` property to customize the disabled tooltip label. Defaults to `This item cannot be removed`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify `disabledTooltipText` property to customize the disabled tooltip that appears when hovering over the lock icon. Defaults to `This item cannot be removed`.
```

    selected: true
  }, {
    label: 'Dogs',
    value: 'dogs',
    selected: true,
    disabled: true,

>     disabledTooltipText: 'This item is non-dismissible'

Reviewer: Can you change all the instances of `This item is non-dismissible` to `This item is locked and can not be removed`
```suggestion
    disabledTooltipText: 'This item is locked and can not be removed'
```
